## Technical selection instructions
Regarding flutter technology, here are a few reference links that can help you get started with flutter
- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

### The official launch tutorial of flutter is as follows：
- [online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs) Contains tutorials, examples, mobile development instructions and api related.

### Under the directory app, the project structure description
- android: Part of the android code is implemented. When creating a flutter project, this part is automatically generated.
- ios: Part of the ios code implementation. When creating a flutter project, this part is automatically generated.
-  res: Multi-language field configuration file. Generated by the plugin flutter_localizations.
- test: Test the code part.
- Structure description under lib directory:
    - demo function test code
    - generated multi-language plugin to generate dart files
    - model data structure layer
    - net network access tool
    - page interface style content
    - provide data status management, similar to vuex, redux
    - res Common resource layer, distinguished from external asset folders
    - routers routing function directory
    - test internal test code
    - Some commonly used tool codes of util, and the function of interacting with the native through Channel
    - widgets common widget components

      pubspec.yaml project configuration file


####
    generate sign file:
    keytool -genkey -v -keystore {U file path}.jks -keyalg RSA -keysize 2048 -validity {days} -alias {nickName}

    check andriod apk sign information
    keytool -list -printcert -jarfile D:......\target.apk